royal flush
king high straight flush
queen high straight flush
jack high straight flush
ten high straight flush
nine high straight flush
eight high straight flush
seven high straight flush
six high straight flush
five high straight flush
ace quads
king quads
queen quads
jack quads
ten quads
nine quads
eight quads
seven quads
six quads
five quads
four quads
three quads
two quads
aces full of kings
aces full of queens
aces full of jacks
aces full of tens
aces full of nines
aces full of eights
aces full of sevens
aces full of sixes
aces full of fives
aces full of fours
aces full of threes
aces full of twos
kings full of aces
kings full of queens
kings full of jacks
kings full of tens
kings full of nines
kings full of eights
kings full of sevens
kings full of sixes
kings full of fives
kings full of fours
kings full of threes
kings full of twos
queens full of aces
queens full of kings
queens full of jacks
queens full of tens
queens full of nines
queens full of eights
queens full of sevens
queens full of sixes
queens full of fives
queens full of fours
queens full of threes
queens full of twos
jacks full of aces
jacks full of kings
jacks full of queens
jacks full of tens
jacks full of nines
jacks full of eights
jacks full of sevens
jacks full of sixes
jacks full of fives
jacks full of fours
jacks full of threes
jacks full of twos
tens full of aces
tens full of kings
tens full of queens
tens full of jacks
tens full of nines
tens full of eights
tens full of sevens
tens full of sixes
tens full of fives
tens full of fours
tens full of threes
tens full of twos
nines full of aces
nines full of kings
nines full of queens
nines full of jacks
nines full of tens
nines full of eights
nines full of sevens
nines full of sixes
nines full of fives
nines full of fours
nines full of threes
nines full of twos
eights full of aces
eights full of kings
eights full of queens
eights full of jacks
eights full of tens
eights full of nines
eights full of sevens
eights full of sixes
eights full of fives
eights full of fours
eights full of threes
eights full of twos
sevens full of aces
sevens full of kings
sevens full of queens
sevens full of jacks
sevens full of tens
sevens full of nines
sevens full of eights
sevens full of sixes
sevens full of fives
sevens full of fours
sevens full of threes
sevens full of twos
sixes full of aces
sixes full of kings
sixes full of queens
sixes full of jacks
sixes full of tens
sixes full of nines
sixes full of eights
sixes full of sevens
sixes full of fives
sixes full of fours
sixes full of threes
sixes full of twos
fives full of aces
fives full of kings
fives full of queens
fives full of jacks
fives full of tens
fives full of nines
fives full of eights
fives full of sevens
fives full of sixes
fives full of fours
fives full of threes
fives full of twos
fours full of aces
fours full of kings
fours full of queens
fours full of jacks
fours full of tens
fours full of nines
fours full of eights
fours full of sevens
fours full of sixes
fours full of fives
fours full of threes
fours full of twos
threes full of aces
threes full of kings
threes full of queens
threes full of jacks
threes full of tens
threes full of nines
threes full of eights
threes full of sevens
threes full of sixes
threes full of fives
threes full of fours
threes full of twos
twos full of aces
twos full of kings
twos full of queens
twos full of jacks
twos full of tens
twos full of nines
twos full of eights
twos full of sevens
twos full of sixes
twos full of fives
twos full of fours
twos full of threes
ace high flush
king high flush
queen high flush
jack high flush
ten high flush
nine high flush
eight high flush
seven high flush
ace high straight
king high straight
queen high straight
jack high straight
ten high straight
nine high straight
eight high straight
seven high straight
six high straight
five high straight
ace trips
king trips
queen trips
jack trips
ten trips
nine trips
eight trips
seven trips
six trips
five trips
four trips
three trips
two trips
ace king two pair
ace queen two pair
ace jack two pair
ace ten two pair
ace nine two pair
ace eight two pair
ace seven two pair
ace six two pair
ace five two pair
ace four two pair
ace three two pair
ace two two pair
king queen two pair
king jack two pair
king ten two pair
king nine two pair
king eight two pair
king seven two pair
king six two pair
king five two pair
king four two pair
king three two pair
king two two pair
queen jack two pair
queen ten two pair
queen nine two pair
queen eight two pair
queen seven two pair
queen six two pair
queen five two pair
queen four two pair
queen three two pair
queen two two pair
jack ten two pair
jack nine two pair
jack eight two pair
jack seven two pair
jack six two pair
jack five two pair
jack four two pair
jack three two pair
jack two two pair
ten nine two pair
ten eight two pair
ten seven two pair
ten six two pair
ten five two pair
ten four two pair
ten three two pair
ten two two pair
nine eight two pair
nine seven two pair
nine six two pair
nine five two pair
nine four two pair
nine three two pair
nine two two pair
eight seven two pair
eight six two pair
eight five two pair
eight four two pair
eight three two pair
eight two two pair
seven six two pair
seven five two pair
seven four two pair
seven three two pair
seven two two pair
six five two pair
six four two pair
six three two pair
six two two pair
five four two pair
five three two pair
five two two pair
four three two pair
four two two pair
three two two pair
ace pair
king pair
queen pair
jack pair
ten pair
nine pair
eight pair
seven pair
six pair
five pair
four pair
three pair
two pair
ace high
king high
queen high
jack high
ten high
nine high
eight high
seven high